Add etcd step done when profile: cis (#341)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/security/hardening_guide.md

1. Checks that host-level requirements have been met. If they haven't, RKE2 will exit with a fatal error describing the unmet requirements.

> 2. Sets the etcd user and group to the static etcd pod as explained in the [etcd section](https://docs.rke2.io/security/hardening_guide#etcd-is-configured-properly)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configures the etcd static pod to run as the etcd user and group, as explained in the [etcd hardedning guide](https://docs.rke2.io/security/hardening_guide#etcd-is-configured-properly)
```

Author: thanks

> 2. Configures the etcd static pod to run as the etcd user and group, as explained in the [etcd hardedning guide](https://docs.rke2.io/security/hardening_guide#etcd-is-configured-properly)

Reviewer 2: Typo: `etcd hardening`

Author: https://github.com/rancher/rke2-docs/pull/348

3. Applies network policies that allow the cluster to pass associated controls.

> 4. Apply more restrictive file permissions (600 vs 644) to agent manifests and other configurations files. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Applies more restrictive file permissions (600 vs 644) to agent manifests and other configurations files. 
```

Author: Thanks Mike!
